with a track record of over 60 years of
sustained growth customer satisfaction
innovation and wealth creation dnf has
during this period created some of the
finest residential complexes combining
the best of design aesthetics technology
and architecture it has successfully
delivered over 10,000 apartments in
Gurgaon dlf for decades have been at the
forefront of real estate development in
the NCR
dlf is now proud to bring to you the
ultima the most awaited luxury project
the pinnacle of grandeur strategically
located in Sector 81 gurgaon this
luxurious condominium consisting of 864
apartments is spread over an area of
approximately 23 acres
as they say in real estate the three
most important factors are location
location and location located just off
the NHA dlf ultima is part of a 500-acre
township known as dlf garden city due to
its excellent location abutting nh-8 1
is less likely to get caught in traffic
jams of the internal sector roads
the altima is a reflection of great
architecture pleasing aesthetics
impressive design world-class amenities
and is packed with all features that you
would expect in a condominium that is
being brought to you by dlf presenting
your own cozy den in the Millennium City
buna a place that comes with all the
nuts and bolts of life to ensure you
your own special place steeped in
tranquility cherished chic graceful
homes suffused in natural backgrounds a
housing development that places beauty
design truthfulness and sustainability
at its core in an international standard
Clubhouse to live life entirely you just
need to sit back and relax the
lavishness and the opulent factor will
let you enjoy each day in the midst of
cheerful celebrations and happiness with
all world-class amenities and facilities
dlf altima is an iconic complex with a
strong and powerful architectural
vocabulary
altima will be the aggregation of all
your dreams it could be an urban
masterpiece some of the delights to be
found at Ultima are indoor outdoor games
with kids play zone and sports ground
you
dlf altima presents you stylish yet
graceful homes in the form of luxurious
flats for the people who have always
wished for luxury and comfort in
complete calm and tranquil surroundings
away from the maddening buzz of the city
the altima will be nothing less than the
fulfillment of their dream
youngtimer offers you a choice of 3 & 4
bhk apartments that are flush with
world-class amenities and features
the layouts of each apartment have been
designed to ensure minimum wastage of
space abundance of natural lighting and
utmost privacy so as to provide you a
great sense of functionality combined
with world-class amenities and styling
so if you are in search of a beautiful
abode in the lap of nature we would like
to invite you to visit us and see with
your own eyes the magnificence that will
be the ultimate come be a part of dlf
continued journey and we promise you you
won't be disappointed
we invite you to become a part of this
unique residential complex that has its
own distinct signature and a reflection
of true lifestyle come be a part of the
DLF family at the Ultima